Coding agents can now write code, run
experiments, and debug software. So, can
they do your evals for you? In this
session, we put that question to the
test live. We give cloud code the full
eval life cycle, pulling traces, error
analysis, and designing experiments.
Some of it works surprisingly well, some
of it doesn't. You'll see exactly where
automation helps and where human
judgment still matters. Miko is the lead
developer of my favorite open-source
eval tool. It's called Phoenix. Phoenix
arise. You can Google it. It's great.
It's really easy to use self-host has
really good APIs, really good
documentation.
And as coding has become a lot easier
with models or with coding agents,
especially since November, December with
the new Opus 4.5 and onwards, that is a
new territory. I don't think you can
just hand over your entire application
to an LLM and just say evalid. But I
think there's a lot of things that you
got to instrument your code. you got to
get it into Phoenix and there's like a
lot of little things around even looking
at the data filtering it navigating it
that you might want to think about and
then since Phoenix has all these APIs
I think the way that Miko has engineered
it is that it's very agent friendly like
you can connect it with your agent and
so I saw that Miko posted that Phoenix
now has support he's been working on
sort of making it really good with
agents And so I think a lot of the stuff
that was more manual before can now be
automated. And so I'm really excited to
talk about and show how to use coding
agents with Phoenix. And I'm really
excited to see what Mikuel shows us
today. You know, that I think has been
weighing on my mind and probably
weighing on Haml's mind and a bunch of
yours minds too. Hopefully as He alluded
to coding agents are really in
production now. specifically last
December is the big turning point with
Opus coming out but and even hardened
practitioners like Andraj Karpath are
saying that before December of 2025 they
were you know coding maybe 20% quote
unquote vibe coding and 80% using tab
complete and things like that but that
completely inverted right he went
completely to 80% vibe coding and 20%
manual coding and I think the conclusion
that he came to during that was spot on
which is that right now we're at this
interesting point where inference sorry
the intelligence of these coding agents
is a little bit ahead of the
infrastructure and today I wanted to
explore that a little bit and what it
might look like to have self- evvolving
software I think the left hand side we
all know if you've been if you're coding
in the 2020 2010s if you're familiar
with deploying an application maybe you
have dog monitoring or graphana
dashboards set up and then you as a
human dev something goes wrong you get
paged you you look at that glass pane
and you look at the dashboards and you
come up with a hypothesis of what to
change then you make a change in the IDE
write some unit tests and deploy that
and we're in this middle phase right
where you deploy an application you
probably do have an observability
platform maybe hopefully a rise phoenix
and then you as a human dev look at that
a screen and figure out what might be
going wrong and then maybe now use
cursor or clog code to come up with a
solution, deploy it and then hopefully
you can see the changes in the
observability platform
and I think we're still going to be in
this phase for some time but let's put
on our like futurist hats on for a
second and think about this third phase
which is what if coding agents do all
the coding right then you're still going
to have an application and you still
need an observability p observability
platform because really the agent needs
to see the same things that the human
was seeing previously, but instead of
using uh glass pane with dashboards and
heat maps and things like that, it needs
things that are, you know, efficient for
it to pull things. And I think an
agent's eyes are very different than a
human's eyes, right? It is really good
at parsing out structured data, putting
them into files, using brep, using
search tools, things of that nature. And
so we really need to let coding agents
gain access to observability platforms
so it can iterate and validate what it's
doing and so it can deploy the
application. Now the like the dashboards
and stuff is still important because
human oversight is obviously really
important but it doesn't become the
primary use of something like an
observability platform. I think there's
so much of like just human way of
thinking and stuff that has to shift. I
think the hard thing is like each
individual has like this tribal how you
work um and we all need to change
there's certain arguments about maybe
previous the focus was more important
but now parallelization is important I
think obviously the human role in all of
this becomes we shift more into the
validation and reviewing and ultimately
the harness building the instructions
that these agents will because the more
you I think the open AAI paper also
particularly talks about this is really
about constraining these agents So we're
I think this new what they call agentic
engineering groups are going to start
forming to make coding agents have a
little bit more autonomy. I don't know
if that like fully answers your question
but
>> yeah I think so you talk about the
harness engineering paper I think right
or is it something okay
>> yeah I think the so that that picture is
just talking about like how much vibe
coding is out there but I think what we
have to acknowledge also that there's
actually two things shifting at once one
is that the way in which code is being
shifted shipped is changing but the
other thing that's changing is the types
of applications right so like on the far
left the reason why you know a lot of
that stuff worked the way it did is
Because to some extent there was a level
of understanding just through the code
and this is why coding agents are so
good is if it has visibility into the
code. It knows how that code executes
right through types through if
statements through while loops all those
kinds of thing it can create like this
state machine and get get an
understanding of how your code executes.
So previously if it was just code the
code documented the execution. But the
thing is now like we we're not just uh
deploying one type of code, right? We're
deploying code. We're deploying natural
language prompts and it also is reliant
on the weights. And the way that the
code looks is not necessarily how the
agent operates, right? The agent might
loop. The agent depending on which model
it's using might loop three times versus
four times. All these kinds of things.
If you think about it, to some extent,
agent behavior is more documented by the
telemetry and the traces than it is with
code. So if agents are going to b coding
agents are basically going to have to
write code to to steer agents in one
direction or another, they actually have
to have access to the traces. Just to
reiterate what a coding agent is, like a
coding agent is not just made up of it's
not just opus 45, right? It's all the
harness that that surrounds clawed code.
That's things like skills, which we'll
talk about today. Maybe you have an MCP
server connecting to documentation.
Maybe you have agent browser set up
tools. Maybe it has to have access to
things like the Fenix CLI. You know, if
you're using cursor, has access to the
editor and the LSPs, the prompts that
are inside of the harness and its own
memory management system. So, in order
for coding agents to really thrive in
your codebase, you need to tune this
harness for your particular use case.
And the two things we're going to talk
about particularly are skills and tools.
Okay. So this is what we're going to do
today is like the idea of a coding agent
having access to its own telemetry. And
one of the cool things about Phoenix is
you can basically give it a Phoenix per
coding agent you want. You can have one
per workspace. But we're going to have
an agentic application. It's going to be
streaming its traces, its evaluations,
its experimentation, its feedback all
into a local Arise Phoenix in instance.
And then we're going to create a CLI
that's basically connected to that Arise
Phoenix. And it's going to be able to
pull traces down, log them to files so
that it can use things like GP and jq
and then the coding agent will have like
eyes into what it did or what is
happening and be able to come up with
proposed changes, make changes to the
code. That telemetry will then just
continuously flow back into that
observability stack and the coding agent
will be able to make adjustments. And
this is exactly what the harness
engineering that is being done inside of
OpenAI as well.
So today we're going to try to make a
coding agent take the AI engineer loop.
We're going to go and tell the agent to
look at its data open codes a taxonomy
and then we're going to skip the
annotate the data just for time sake but
we're going to get it to based off of
those codings hypothesize why the output
is bad. where then we're also going to
take like its hypothesis and then let it
plan out an experiment and design out
like the evaluation criteria that's
going to make it measure its outcomes.
We're going to force it to measure its
outcomes and then we're going to force
it to apply its changes and explain its
reasoning. So that's what we're going to
do today. Let's jump right into it. So
here I have an agent on the right hand
side and I have the clog code on the
side and they're wired together like I
just showed you. This is an agent that's
connected to MTCP with Phoenix. So,
let's do the first step of the AI
engineering loop just for sake of trying
to make this coding agent take my job.
Okay. So, I'm going to clear the context
just to prove something and then I'm
going to explicitly pull the the Phoenix
eval skill just to force it. This is an
interesting topic we can delve into, but
I'm going to paste this and I'm going to
force it to do axial coding to to try to
understand what's happening currently in
the traces that are already in my
Phoenix. And I did see that with a bunch
of questions. Okay. You going to do open
coding and axial coding with the agent?
>> Yeah. So, the way that it works and I'm
going to let this rip. You can see that
it's pulling down the traces with the
Fenix CLI. So, it's pulling down that
data and then it's logging it to files
and then it's going through each one and
doing the open codes and it's going to
go through that open code step. And the
reason why like I had to prompt it very
little is because I actually mounted the
the skill there and happy to just show
what that skill looks like. So, it's
worth it's worth lingering on this point
for a bit, I think.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you think this is a good idea to just
have an LLM do your open code axial code
for you without looking at it yourself?
Like what's I know like this demo is for
a specific purpose, but we should get
nuance.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I think while this is ripping, we
should probably do the open coding
ourselves and see what the difference
is, right? Because I think you're right,
like you're the taste maker and a lot of
the open coding and stuff is about you
looking at the data. And I think what
you're going to notice, and it will be
an interesting nuance here, is that
there's a difference between a human
doing the open coding and as coding than
what an LM does. That doesn't mean I
think if you put you a lot of your human
taste making into skills, it couldn't do
a lot of interesting things. Whether or
not you fully trust that process or not,
I think is obviously up to cuz like how
much are you letting it rip. I'm not
here to say. I think it really maybe
depends. I'll maybe show some examples
and that'll be more clear and we'll see
some examples of that. I think it's
agents give you the ability to get like
a second opinion about stuff too and a
lot of times that can be good. So maybe
you should like not look at what it's
doing and then you let it rip and you
also look at what it does and it might
actually discover things that you hadn't
thought about because I think you know
if I did open coding and then you did
open coding and axial coding we might
come up with a different coding strategy
and what you'll find is that definitely
the agent comes up with a different
coding strategy than I do to to your I
think the interesting debate now really
is going to be is the agent going to
have taste
And to some extent it's not there yet.
But if you look at what OpenAI is doing,
you can see within their harness, they
basically have created that taste making
inside of here about how they think
design should work, how they think the
front end should work, how how it should
think about user onboarding and things
like that. So they've basically encoded
that in the codebase to let the agent
rip.
>> And I think the thing that you're going
to see here is that this code base is
not mature, right? this codebase is one
that wasn't designed with this harness
in mind and so it's going to do a lot of
things wrong and I think open AI also
claimed to do that that happened right
the basically the getting started is
really tough because the agent's going
to go off and come up come with wrong
conclusions I'm doing this more as like
a straw man exercise to see like how
much of this can be possible not
necessarily like advertising that like
this is what you should do that it went
in and said there's a lot of things that
are off topic in the two out of the 15
traces, which is 13%.
So, it it came up with a bunch of coding
and it it's citing the different traces
of what it's doing here. So, I'm going
to prompt it one more time to just come
up with a hypothesis and we'll see how
well it does. So, I mean, okay, let's
let's just we can also do the same
exercise, right? We can come in here. We
can look at each one of these and do the
open codes, right? How do I handle file
uploads in Fenix Live View? Okay, so
it's talking about it's a little bit of
a a fun exercise. It created its
taxonomy in its own memory system right
now, but you could definitely have it
sync it back. Those are all the kinds of
things that that you could consider. Do
how much do you want agent generated
notes in your telemetry? And it's
obviously so let's clear the context
here. Just let it not bias itself to its
previous actual coding. And let's also
bring in the Phoenix eval skill again.
So we'll look at the system prompt. So
it's saying Phoenix styles the system
prompt lacks grounded context about the
topic Phoenix elixir Phoenix at chess
value the scientific experiment to
validate the root cause step one or
state a single falsifiable like
basically grounding it and giving it the
process it should go by to build out
this experiment and validate results and
loop on on that a few runs to validate
it and for it to take a a prove me right
or prove me wrong through eval.
So an experiment is similar to the
scientific method experiment. So you
have your no your controlled variables.
In this case I'm saying the control
variables keep the model the same but
change the system prompt of the agent to
to see if we can steer it to have a
better better grounding in in the topic
that it's supposed to be talking about.
We're treating the system prompt as the
uncontrolled variable. Then we basically
can run evals on the agent before the
system prompt is changed and then eval
prompt is changed so that we can
basically prove that that change in the
system prompt add like a market
improvement in the agent behavior itself
and it's using some of the data sets
that are already there in Phoenix. I
have the evaluate the evaluators here. I
have some data set fixtures. I have the
evaluators which are like I have this
eval called terminal safe because like
we're outputting to the command line I
want it you to it to use an characters
rather than markdown right so I have
these evals and stuff and then I have
these experiments which is does it
conform to the terminal format that I
want and we're hoping that because I've
you know created enough of an eval
harness in here the agent can discover
the best practices that I've put in here
for it to create an experiment. It's
going to come up with a experiment to
say because basically we said the system
prompt is infecting how it's not
grounded. So it needs to come up with
the data set that it's going to run that
over. So the examples and the splits
that that it needs to run on and then it
needs to create the right evaluation
criteria. So we put that a little bit in
into the prompt itself but it's also in
there which is after each run record. So
I said data set create define fixed set
of Phoenix evaluators measuring your
success criteria. So it's actually just
created an evaluator. So again not
advertising but this is just I'm just
giving you a peak into what could be
coming down the line right is coding
agents going to write evals we'll see
how well it does obviously so you can
see that it's created an eval right so
let's just look at it I mean it it
should be here soon already so I can
look at it right now so it's created
this new evaluator it's called topic
handling is using haiku you are
evaluating whether or not an AI
assistant correctly handled the user
query the assistant is Arise Phoenix
assistant and AI observability platform
handled correctly. Query is Arise
Phoenix AI observability handles
incorrectly and so it's giving it some
few short examples of what it thinks is
good and what is not bad. Obviously we
shouldn't building evaluators like this
requires benchmarking which we can do
also if we have some time. So we can
look at the experiments that it's
formed. How about that? So let's look at
the experiments. So it's run this it's
created this data data set called topic
hypothesis experiment v1 and then you
can see here that it's created an eval
called topic handling and it thought it
handled the topic at 0.93 and then it's
run an experiment three times to try to
change the system prompt and so in this
experiment maybe we can compare the two.
Let's compare just two. So it's terminal
app but it's a little bit hard to see.
Sometimes it con constructs the
experiments in different ways. Sometimes
it does it in the experiment itself.
Sometimes it makes the changes. So I
think depending on how you prompt it, it
will either make changes and then revert
it and do it like manually or it will do
it within the experiment itself. It
might be in the experiment itself.
Again, this is what happens when you let
it rip. So yeah, so it has basically put
the prompt inside the experiments and
it's run two different set of
instructions in here. So unfortunately
it didn't change the agent itself. It
just changed the prompt inside of the
experiment itself. And that's just one
of those things of like coding agents
figure out a way. Let's let it rip on
one last thing and then we can just talk
over it about all the interesting things
we just saw. So I'm going to let it rip
one more time. I'm just going to tell it
like evaluate the evaluator basically.
So I'm going to say benchmark the new
evaluators you created and show the
confusion matrix of its accuracy. Okay.
So, we're just going to try to force it
to do some best practices about creating
a resource data set for the evaluator
and for it to tune it a little bit
before we we accept it. Yeah, to your
point, I think I definitely recommend
everybody read the OpenAI we're not
admitting is like we think that there's
these repository of skills that are just
going to magically make these agents do
things. I think it's very different if
you think about like the way that the
cloud code team for example keeps track
of their acloud MD and the skills and
the hooks and all that stuff all these
kinds of for lack of a better word like
restrictions to keep the coding agent on
track that's an iterative process and so
a lot of the even club coding supports
this now where you can say looking back
at your current session how would you
adjust your skills how would you change
your instruction set to to better do not
make the same mistakes you made during
this session and they commit that back
and then what the cloud code team claims
to do is they take that prompt and then
they put it through the optimizers that
they have inside I think it is available
in anthropic desktop app the
optimization but they basically
periodically renormalize the skills but
they the skills are the self-evolving
thing every time the agent makes a
mistake you basically say oh you did
something wrong put that in your your
system instructions in your agent MD
or in your skills and make sure that you
don't make that mistake again. So I
think that's the the harness if you will
is like this self- evolving the
determinism aspect I think is another
thing that is talked about a lot in the
openi paper and obviously if you use
claude there's hooks right so there's
hooks that basically enforce very
specific things so like pre-commit hooks
like stuff like forcing the agent to
follow very specific patterns with
determinism not just through prompts and
the skills spec you know that
everybody's converging on also has code
snippets they can run as part of the
skill How likely is like an agent be
able to one a solution and that I think
is both good skills in the skills but
also best practices in your code because
I don't know if this is your experience
but once the code base is mature agents
actually do a lot better or a lot worse
depending if your codebase has a lot of
bad practices in it it's probably just
going to copy those existing patterns
and start replicating them over and over
because that's what it sees in the files
and it thinks that the files is the way
that it should be. So, you have to
mature both of them um at the same time
because otherwise the agent's going to
start just replicating bad practices and
taking the shortest path to victory. And
so, it's actually like the URL is
incorrect, for example. And I can tell
that as a person that's like basically
trying to build this agent that the
links that it's generating, it's
directly taking the link from Mmifi and
just regurgitating those links. but
those that those links actually need to
be translated into something that is
satisfactory for me. So that's like an
example of there's absolutely no way an
agent without me telling it that is a
problem. If you encode best practices,
they'll try to do some interesting
things like produce a confusion matrix
and try to make these evaluators do
things. So at least like it will
scaffold the benchmarking for you and
then you can go back and add examples in
which maybe or maybe swap out the data
set. But it did create, I think, a
useful evaluator as part of this
practice. Like at least now I know that
I need to at least put something about
that there's a huge name collision with
the word Phoenix. Like Phoenix is a very
generic word, right? If I'm me
personally, I'm at the mercy of the
there's Phoenix Arizona, there's Phoenix
Elixir, there's Phoenix Live View,
there's the Phoenix the old email
client, right? And so I need to at least
put that if you really wanted to let it
rip, you would say make these changes. I
think this time around it didn't produce
something as interesting as I was
hoping. I've had honestly it produced
some really interesting results on the
same on the same codebase. So I think
that's another lesson learned for me too
is like these harnesses. Sometimes it'll
look at the skill, sometimes it won't.
It's really hard for me to determine
when and why will will do things. I'll
give you an example like last night that
I was like, "Oh my gosh, it did
something really amazing, which is it
actually started looking at the number
of repetitive tool calls that was being
made for MCP and forcing actually for
the system prompt to to reflect on the
topic and optimize the turns of the
number of times it should look at tools.
And it actually created some pretty
novel evaluators for me that actually I
thought were quite interesting and it
actually let it rip for much longer and
it came to a really pretty insightful
because what you see right now like one
of the problems here is okay even though
this is about Phoenix live view it's
hitting my MCP server three times like
why would it even pull in context from
my Phoenix MCP server to get do perform
rag
on Phoenix documentation when at the
onset it already should know that this
is basically off topic and it shouldn't
have to make the tool calls. So that was
an example of it really understood the
topology from the traces and was able to
identify something that I could have
come up with that conclusion but I just
let an agent rip and it figured out that
I should be optimizing the number of
tool calls specifically when it was off
topic. Let's say these coding agents are
making a lot of changes on your system.
They need to basically provide evidence
that they have made things better or
worse, right? And now the burden on me
is to review this stuff. And if I have
the agent connected to to come my eval
harness as well as my observability
platform, this is basically providing at
least to some degree the evidence that
it's improved the system. Now we can
obviously question the validity of the
data and the validity of the eval
itself. Those are all things that are
can be should be scrutinized but those
can be scrutinized obviously during the
poll requests. What the agent has
currently basically said that it's done
is it took the you know it ran it with
the first set of prompt. It was
currently it was handling whether or not
it was on topic correctly at a 0 n3 rate
and then it's claiming that it
accomplished like a perfect score on
keeping the the CLI tool on topic.
There's a lot of things that I sort of
contrived here, right? We're talking
about 15 examples. We also made it do
axial coding on 50 15 examples. So
that's another pro issue too is like I
didn't really have time to let it rip on
much larger data which maybe it would
have figured out a lot more interesting
problems. Um looking at more data the
skills are available. So skills are the
distribution of skills is super early
right now. They can be distributed in a
lot of ways. If you want to just try out
these skills you can do MPX add skills
from our repository. And then basically
what this does is it pulls our skills
that we have been honing over the last
month. So the one you saw today's of
teaching the agent how to pull down
traces, introspect experiments, stuff
like that is Fenix CLI. That one I
definitely recommend. That one's like
non pretty much non-controversial,
right? That's just treat for example the
Phoenix CLI is not in the pre-training
of Opus 46. So you might need this one
to basically let code be able to
understand how to use the CLI. Phoenix
evals is like a combination. So these
are different composable pieces that
we're hoping like you use them or maybe
you don't. Maybe you hard fork them.
Maybe you know what you do with them is
obviously up to you. The all of these
are basically registered. Currently
Versel's distributing some of these
through skill.sh.
Some people put them on their website in
the well-known domain. So there's a lot
of different ways that they're currently
being distributed.
Word of caution, there's a lot of bad
skills out there. So, just because
there's a lot of downloads of a skill
doesn't mean it's better. And I think
the other thing about skills, be careful
of the skills that like loop and go
search the internet for more skills cuz
there's death. Just because you can read
the skill in markdown doesn't mean that
there isn't malicious HTML in there
telling you to do bad things. So,
there's definitely prompted injection in
there. I mean the great thing about this
is maybe you were previous you should
always be reviewing the prompts and the
good thing about the prompts is that
they're really things that you can diff
there are things that you can hook into
CI pipelines you can run a regression
suite using the experimentation so
basically a CI step you can validate
that these new system instructions that
it just committed right are in fact
better than the previous ones so this is
where like the continuous eval process
comes into play right because you now
need we only ran it on 15 examples it's
pretty important to run this prompt
through a lot more examples and make
sure that it's hardened against the
other criteria that you might have like
properly out outputting to the terminal
or properly resolving links from your
MCP server. Whatever those other
evaluation criteria is, it needs to
prove itself um as well. Even the
console logs are being logged as
markdown so LMS can interpret that
stuff. There's just so much happening
right now to give a coding agents more
access to this stuff. I think really it
the call to action right now is like
getting your code bases ready and have
the right opinions so that you know when
people come on board with coding agents
that you really can scale out your
productivity using coding agents when
appropriate. Obviously when when
appropriate is like the big question
right now, but there are definitely
areas where things are appropriate,
right? If I need to make a small UI
tweak and I have best practices of how I
my my UI should look like, yeah, let
coding agent rip if I'm trying to change
the system prompt of a very critical
agentic app. Should I let my coding
agent go rip on it? Probably not, but I
should have guard rails through eval if
it does make a change for whatever
reason, it knows that it did something
wrong. So those are the kinds of signals
that we need to connect coding agents to
more of these signals and the
infrastructure needs to evolve but you
need to connect your infrastructure to
your coding agents too. There's the
Andra Karpathy prediction that 2026 the
tail end will be the slop golex. I don't
know what how to say it but like the
slop like there's going to be a lot of
slop that we're going to have to
reconcile with. But then there's also
like the open claw stuff like has
massive security problems but he
probably just went and got hired by
OpenAI for you know hund00 million
dollars and produced a amazing amount of
value. Yeah it has a lot of security
problems but he created a very
interesting product of a self-coding
agent that provides a huge amount of
value. I don't want to maybe say don't
obviously I think our role as coding is
going to diminish. you better get on
board to some extent just because you're
going to be out competed by the
companies that are doing that. But the
level of tolerance of what's good and
bad the tastem still is like in the
engineers jaws, the PM's chops, the
MLAs, right? That still is like hugely
important. Let's just be honest like
these coding agents have no taste. These
coding agents don't know what best
practices are. There's a lot of things
that they don't know and skills I think
is the first step to that. But let's be
honest, codes like skills don't fire.
What is the Versell benchmark? It's like
they fire 52% of the time right now. So
they're unreliable, right?
>> I'm always naming my skills. Like I even
tell it to use the agent browser for
testing like manually to make sure it
fires.
>> Yeah,
>> I agree with that and I agree with I
think you should definitely be preparing
like to your earlier point like you
should prepare your code base if you
want to do eval measure things. You
should be distilling your understanding
of evals and how they fit into your
domain. What you're showing with the
OpenAI people, they have like lots of
documentation like this is what's
happening in this code. This is how to
navigate it.
>> Like I I created this example over the
weekend. the code base that like OpenAI
that took 1500 commits in a mil a couple
million lines of code to get that
self-evolving harness into a shape where
they are letting it rip by itself,
right? So there's no way that I can
create it. But they're proving that
basically you can get to a certain level
of autonomy, but you basically read that
thing and they're not trusting that to
go make changes with the OpenAI website.
They're doing that for an internal tool,
right? They're still also being careful
about level of autonomy. That's the
TLDDR for sure there.
>> All right, this has been very useful.
>> Cool.
>> I think people know where to install the
skill, how to get the skill. They could
visit the Phoenix website as well. I
think this was really useful. But yeah,
thank you so much for coming.
>> Yeah, thanks for having me and thanks
for forcing me to at least prove that
Borshipping actually makes some
semblance of sense and hopefully it gets
better over time. So really appreciate
your time, Ham.
>> All right. Thank you.
>> Cool. Thanks. See you.